Madam
I will be right back
Help!
Shameful harlot
Filthy body
Help!
It really needs a good washing
Help
The heavy rain last night
has washed away all evidence at the scene
Make way! Make way! Make way!
Should we go invite Master Shentu?
Usually at this time
he would have sniffed his way here already
It's strange today
it's been so quiet until now
Heart missing
Parietal bone
Frontal bone
Temporal bone
Zygomatic bone
Nasal bone
Mandible
Smell of blood. Smell of rouge
Look at that weirdo
He's been standing here for a long time
Actually, he's quite handsome
What is he waiting for?
Master
Lao Yao
You didn't make me wait too long
I knew you'd be here
Master
You have the gift of foresight
You calculated everything
I know your Lord's abilities best
It's so scary. What happened?
What's going on?
So many officers have come
I hope it won't affect our business
Yeah, exactly
Is this person Yue Qin, the Top Courtesan of Lanxiang House?
It is
Are these her clothes?
I don't know
They look familiar
Whose are they?
Yes, yes
Oh my
You two Lords
are both asking about the same girl
If you both fancy her
I'll have to charge extra
We are asking about official business
Does this person have any enemies?
My Lord, you must be joking
The officials pay for pleasure
and the ladies sell their looks for money
It's just a flesh trade
As long as the money is right
how could there be any enemies?
No enemies?
Then why did she leave the establishment last night?
Hmm?
Is something wrong with Miss Yue Qin?
She's your person, how would you not know?
This concerns a human life
If you conceal anything
you will be severely punished
My Lord, Miss Yue Qin's monthly cycle
has been delayed
She might be pregnant
She is the Headliner of our Lanxiang House
We can't let business be delayed
This... this humble commoner...
This humble commoner sent her to the doctor
to get some abortion drugs
What is going on?
Finish up quickly and leave
My Lord, no suspicious points found
What suspicious points could there be?
In the vast city of Chang'an
the heavy rain washed over it all night
Where should we go to find him?
Don't lose heart, Lao Yao
Right now, all we can rely on
are your Master Hands
Let's examine the body again
Mm-hmm
There are seventeen knife wounds on the body.
Distributed on the chest, back, and neck.
Every cut was fatal.
And the victim's heart is missing.
The killer must be well-versed in human anatomy.
The body shows no signs of struggle.
It was a brutal murder.
Cruel and ruthless.
Devoid of humanity.
There are no signs of violation.
The target was a brothel woman.
If not for lust, it certainly wasn't for money.
What puzzles me even more is...
The wounds on the back look chaotic,
but seem to follow some kind of pattern.
Like...
A painting.
Precisely. An unfinished painting.
In that case,
the killer will surely kill again.
Lao Yao, notify the Left and Right Imperial Guards
to assist the Dali Temple with a citywide night patrol.
Understood.
Go back and tell Madam,
I have arrived at Sun Yuanwai's Manor.
Have the house take down my sign for tonight.
Yes.
Hyah!